May 27th,May 28th,May 29th,May 30th,May 31st,June 1st,June 2nd,June 3rd,June 4th,June 5th,June 6th,June 7th,June 8th,June 13th,June 14th,June 15th,June 16th,June 17th,June 18th,June 19th,June 20th,June 21st,June 22nd, June 23rd
Fixing bugs in history slides and menu and working on a bit of leetcode.,More Leetcode. Working with Binary Search Trees. Never played with them before. Interesting stuff!,Leet Code doing some more easy code practice. Getting the hang of pseudocode and using pen and paper to map out the problem.,Leet Code. Working on a medium problem called city scapes. Actually gives me an idea for a game...,Building a 'What am I Doing Now?' portion of my portfolio site and further styling and working on the drawer.,Building mini-blog JS functionality. Will also get the drawer working on desktops.,Passing all Mini-blog and Drawer functionality through to the other two versions. Smashing any bugs that appear., Working on adjusting numbers on all the animations. Also watched Sarah Drasner's talk on SVG and GSAP. Great talk now I need to play with GSAP...,JS30 & Leetcode & CSS. Trying to do a little everyday.,JS30-Leet-CSS and after after I'll be playign with Green Sock. Looks great for animations and I love an animation!,Another day playing with Javascript. Planning on starting on the design for a new site as well. Got to keep busy and building!,Setting up a web dev environment on my laptop to replace my dead one. Also doing some designing of landing pages., Working on testing some ideas for the "student" landing page as well as the entrepreneur.,Getting back into the swing of things after my break.,Changing programmer to a more literal desktop. Researching CSS techniques for large projects and listening to a Wes Bos podcast in the park.,Worked out the overall look for programmer side and have an idea for the student page.,Setting up the desktop. Not sure how this will work but let's play and see what comes!,Getting a better idea of how it will all work. Still debating about mobile.,Sorted and underway. I think it will be pretty decent once done. I do worry if it's a bit too much. We'll see soon enough.,Theory day today mostly. Going through Javascript: The Good Parts. It's a bit of a review so far but reviews are good.,Sometimes it's good to have a day off and relax. Today I took a half day. It wasn't as good but it was more than half as good so there's that. More work on the desktop.,Squeezing the site from the mobile up to get the new functionality working and bug free. I always estimate times and am often off. This will be done by Christmas. Guaranteed., Got the Programmer and Student pages mostly done so that's a positive. Now the Entrepreneur., Finished the Student and Programmer mostly (except one spot). Hello mother. You think I can't see you? the computer has a camera!!!!